feat(react-scheduler): allow recurrence appointment rendering (#1956)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/scheduler.md

title? | string | The title.
allDay? | boolean | The all day flag.
id? | number &#124; string | The identifier.

> rRule? | string | Specifies the recurring appointment rule. Follow the [iCalendar RRULE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rRule? | string | Specifies the appointment recurrence rule. Follows the [iCalendar RRULE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10) format.
```

> exDate? | string | Specifies the recurring appointment exception dates. Follow the [iCalendar EXDATE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.1) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exDate? | string | Specifies dates excluded from recurrence. Follows the [iCalendar EXDATE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.1) format.
```
